Create rule S7021: WORKDIR instruction should only be used with absolute path (#4070)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7021/docker/rule.adoc

`WORKDIR` instruction should be used with absolute path for clarity and reliability.

== Why is this an issue?

> The `WORKDIR` instruction define the working directory for any `RUN`, `CMD`, `ENTRYPOINT`, `COPY` and `ADD` instruction that follow in the Dockerfile. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WORKDIR` instruction defines the working directory for any `RUN`, `CMD`, `ENTRYPOINT`, `COPY`, and `ADD` instructions that follow in the Dockerfile. +
```
Grammarly suggestions :)

> Using absolute paths helps to avoid any confusion or unexpected behavior that could arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using absolute paths helps to avoid any confusion or unexpected behavior that could arise, for example after changing the current directory in one of the previous instructions.
```
I'd add some clarification here

== How to fix it

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,docker,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
WORKDIR my_working_folder
WORKDIR .\\my_working_folder
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,docker,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
WORKDIR /images/my_working_folder
WORKDIR C:\\images\\my_working_folder
----

> == Resources

Reviewer: Should we also link the rule [S6597](https://sonarsource.github.io/rspec/#/rspec/S6597) somewhere?
